Added example to update existing AFW with POSH (#99544)
Azure/azure-content: articles/firewall/ftp-support.md

To deploy using Azure PowerShell, use the `AllowActiveFTP` parameter. For more information, see [Create a Firewall with Allow Active FTP](/powershell/module/az.network/new-azfirewall#16---create-a-firewall-with-allow-active-ftp-).

> ## Update and existing Azure Firewall using Azure PowerShell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update an existing Azure Firewall by using Azure PowerShell
```

> To update an existing Azure Firewall using Azure PowerShell, switch the `AllowActiveFTP` paramater to 'True'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an existing Azure Firewall by using Azure PowerShell, switch the `AllowActiveFTP` parameter to 'True'.
```

> ```powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```azurepowershell
```

Reviewer 2: @wedoazure See edit
